Liss and I love all the director of this
movie was like yeah I know some people
are gonna think it's completed at a
trash I do not care
see Netflix has created this genius
marketing scheme where they push their
movies to go viral like specifically
online like Twitterverse kind of like
what they did with the bird box success
because it's become one of those cases
where you can judge Netflix movies off
of what they themselves have to offer
but then you can look at the marketing
side of things and the way that Netflix
seems to be doing the complete opposite
of big blockbuster studios like yeah
word of mouth has always been a thing
but Netflix has a cheat code of sorts
cuz you can tell someone to go watch
book-smart but if it ain't playing here
at theatres near them or they don't got
the money they're not gonna see it
they're gonna hit you with the phrase
I'll catch it when it's streaming well
Netflix is always streaming I know
homeless people who have access to a
Netflix account so now that word of
mouth travels way faster since you can
literally watch what everyone's talking
about on your phone on the toilet off
your mama's account I think there's an
entire Die section that can be made and
how Netflix has embraced memes as a sort
of marketing but what's great about it
is that we're really the ones deciding
what blows up on Netflix or not like
they can put something on the front page
but it all depends on whether we like it
or not and that's why a lot of things
end up going under the radar I know some
people are complaining about Netflix
picking up Khan's movies which i think
is the most damn Letus thing possible
they I get that Netflix may not be
marketing they're Indies the way you may
like it but I will take accessibility
over them risking a box-office failure
any day so anyways this one's
interesting because I see people who
have been empowered by this little movie
on Netflix called the perfection while
others are ready to cancel their
cousin's account because they were
revolted see I think a big factor on
whether you like it or not is if you
know what the directors inspiration is
because a lot of it comes from Korean
cinema and if you've never seen Eastern
films in general I can definitely see
you being taken back by the way that
it's it's told because it's a little bit
different than when we have in the u.s.
like just the other day my girlfriend's
sister was watching this anime where a
guy's hand was being controlled by some
parasitic enemy and then they became
best friends while fighting other people
with these parasitic bullets I was just
looking at her and she wasn't even fazed
this was normal to her Eastern media is
a little bit different but when you got
new music from the chromatics in your
movie you got two thriving leads I'm
gonna give it a shot and then end up
going what let me explain so the movie
plays off perspective kind of like a
vantage point where they replay each act
from a different view so it alters
everything you just saw we begin with a
talented cellist named Charlotte who had
to leave this SuperDuper special music
school because her mom was sick and at
first you think like she kind of regrets
leaving and you kind of get the sense
that the first act is all about a
rivalry like Charlotte's upset that this
new girl Lizzie had a replacer when she
had to dip and now Lizzie's a star pupil
and is super successful she even sees a
giant billboard of her with the exact
tattoos she got from that school and so
one day Charlotte travels to China to
meet Lizzy at this function the school
is running in order to select who's
going to be the newest pupil and right
off the bat they actually really connect
with each other like really connect with
each other now I love reading the behind
the scenes to all the movies that I
watch and it was cool to hear that the
actress has got a say in those intimate
scenes like they limited the amount of
people that were on set unlike other
movies where they have an entire family
there for some reason you they allowed
them in the editing Bay to provide input
and that's pretty cool considering that
the Iggie scandal that's going on right
now with GQ one of the biggest magazines
out there leaking are nudes from 2016
like forget the breach of contract and
trust yeah that's serious but can you
imagine how many other leaks haven't
leaked and there's a bunch of sleazy
productions that are doing
who-knows-what with these pictures it
also reminds me of blue is the warmest
color which critics praised and you know
what I always say about this now that
that director released a four hour movie
at cons it just follows butts
I'm not kidding he really released a
four-hour cons movie about butts I've
heard it's ass but it's always funny to
hear people backtrack and now everyone's
talking about how blue his warmest color
wasn't even a good movie it actually
didn't improve LGBT perspectives it was
actually unrealistic and I'm like well
y'all still awarded the crap out of that
movie anyways the two obviously hit it
off in this one and in order to not make
it a one-night stand they decided to
spend the next day
together before things turned into
contagion at this point you completely
forget about the idea that Charlotte may
be jealous of Lizzie and think that
there's actually a disease going on I
thought they had switch John Rah's I'm
second-guessing what's going on here
because Lizzie's vomiting bugs
she is pooping her pants she has roaches
coming out of her hand and then
Charlotte conveniently pulls out a
butcher's knife she had in her back
pocket and goes no you have to do oh how
convenient
[Applause]
so this then becomes the revenge
thriller part of the movie you know they
pull a genie on us and rewind the film
to show us how Alison's still not ready
to let go of her
get out role and then in the perfection
we're sort of assuming you're coming
into it with all the emotional hangover
of get out when you see me on screen
you're not supposed to trust me and
that's okay and so we see how Charlotte
set up the entire thing she purposefully
poisoned Lizzie to make her think she
was going crazy
captain cepting her mind with the idea
of bug so she could hallucinate them and
eventually drives her to the point of
cutting her own arm off Charlotte's
legally safe Lizzie doesn't have to die
but now she can't ever play the cello
again like it's actually not a revenge
thriller I don't know how many people
saw HBO's The Tale but I want to plug it
here because I would highly recommend
that movie if you liked this movie I
think you'd like to tell if you hated
this movie I still think you would like
to tell because an Act three we realize
how evil this prestigious school
actually is you know how miles got
slapped for rushing and dragging I'll
take that over this any day what's crazy
is that there have been real stories of
piano players who have placed blades in
between the keys of their piano in order
to not make mistakes it became like a
Russian roulette type of thing where in
order to reach perfection you had to pay
for your mistakes in blood and that just
makes me go you know what I don't know
who's reaching perfection but I've heard
the chainsmokers are eaten well and all
they do is play four notes I'd rather be
the chainsmokers who get clowned on
every day than to do whatever that held
this is that's how we then get a very
different view points of Charlie one
where she's trying to escape the Academy
it wasn't a place she actually wanted to
stay in she wanted to stop being
molested one where she wasn't looking to
hurt the other students out of jealousy
but out of necessity she feels that they
wouldn't be able to understand they were
being manipulated unless she cut out any
ties that they had with it
I don't know if you have to cut my arm
of you know I think you just slipped me
a note and I'll get the point that again
you don't know how effective this
brainwashing is I mean she went to
school there so Charlotte herself knows
how manipulative they can be
and I guess you know it's biblical
sometimes you can cut off your lover's
arm in order for them to see the truth
the middle then becomes a back-and-forth
of not knowing if these two are against
each other like we get trial its point
of view but does Lizzie get it and
remember it's not just Anton the teacher
who's been doing this tomfoolery Harvey
here has two other brothers who are just
as sick as he is and they're the ones
molesting the students and considering
that they've tied up Charlotte in their
special room a room that's supposed to
be so acoustically balanced in order to
hear these kids performances in all
senses which is really disgusting but
they forced her to play the cello and if
she messes up they're gonna punish the
newest youngest pupil who just started
Wow I am disgusting I'm now at the edge
of my seat cheering for the girl who I
just hated in the last movie I saw
because she tried killing her boy Daniel
when I hero
[Music]
my disappointment is immeasurable and my
day is ruined
thankfully they remove the little girl
but that hate you with something even
weirder at this point Charlotte has to
be punished and Lizzie volunteers to
plug her up with her own amputated hand
what the [ __ ] is going on in here on
this day so they were both in on it it's
interesting how one of the main filming
techniques that they're using in this
movie besides you know rewinding a
vantage point style is the diopter shot
which means that the foreground and the
background are both in focus creating
this really interesting plane you know
there was a couple in the movie us there
was a couple in the movie Mata just came
out but there were more diopter shots in
the perfection and there were Dutch
shots in Thor you can see it as going
with the theme of perspective and how by
the end they were both in the same page
per se so much so that they poisoned the
brothers butcher the wife who good
riddance you know these men are sick
play to be complicit to be as complicit
as that way from the tilt you're
disgusting
and then they aim to take out the main
boss the guy who was molesting them all
those years he straight-up filets
Charlotte's arm before getting Tim
draped and then they set him down and
perform one last duet complementing each
other's missing hands and completing the
perfection well this was the weirdest
fusion dance I've ever seen as bonkers
as it gets I really liked the lesson
that the actress Logan said she got out
of it and that many times we feel so
grateful to be a part of something many
times we're just a happy that a group
has accepted us that we allow things to
happen we don't want to push the
boundaries because we should be even
thankful to be in there and it's like no
you ain't gotta cut my arm off to teach
me a lesson should I have to be this
brutal in order for people to understand
that there's a lot of other groups that
are abusing people hopefully not but I
guess better that than all of the big
celebrities we have now who instead of
uniting
together spill bad blood over the
pettiest things thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section again very bonkers
hopefully I die knowing the Korean
perspective of it makes you see it a
little bit differently I would highly
recommend a lot of Korean films that
have this type of psychosexual a lot of
Brian DePalma I guess is what our
American you know movies have that's
usually related to but Korean cinemas on
a whole nother level when it comes to
that I'm curious to know your thoughts
I know people who hated this movie like
I had asked on Twitter and the amount of
responses I got was insane it's
practically whiplash with spotlight it's
the weirdest thing in the world I'm
curious to see what you guys thought and
I figured I'd make a video for it react
to some of the stuff in there let me
know what other crazy stories are out
there I know a lot of people have been
recommending the act from Hulu and some
other stuff that are in theatres so I'm
definitely gonna get to those but you
know I'm curious let me know who your
favorite character in this was how crazy
you thought it was if there's even
crazier movies out there kind of like
this let me know
I recommend the tail that's not really
on the crazy entertaining side that's
more on the damn this is gonna make me
think for a long time if you have an HBO
subscription check that out I apologize
in advance because it's one of those
like 12 years of slave movies where you
watch it and it's like you never want to
see it again I don't wanna say grateful
but you're like damn I witnessed that
and hopefully I learned something from
it
kearson are your thoughts down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and we'll
consider you perfect